[Music]
I've been making moves and a hard to
tell. Acting I did it, I kiss and
telling wish them well.
Y'all, it's your boy Rob here, Square
Wheels Auto. Today I'm going to be
walking you through the HD camera
upgrade. Now, this is intended to
replace the factory backup camera on the
Infinity Q50, Q60, G37. It's a universal
camera and it is compatible with all of
our G series screens. So,
hypothetically, you could use it on any
make it model that we sell G series
screens for. Typically, especially on
the Nissan and the Infinitities, they're
still using old 240p cameras, extremely
low resolution because the OEM screens
up front are also really low resolution.
So, when you put in a G series screen
and you fire up your backup camera for
the first time, now you're taking that
tiny little image and you're spreading
it over a larger pixel count and it
looks even worse. It looks pixelated and
blurry. So, enter the HD backup camera,
which we've got here, available on
square.com. It is compatible with all
makes and models. If you pick one of the
makes and models, it will come with
custom adapters to make sure that it'll
fit on your OEM um mounting
[Music]
brackets. Turning new friends, but they
one day trying to sneak in, but they one
day trying to
[Music]
creature trying to sneak in.
The camera is actually mounted with a
couple screws to this metal bracket. And
we are going to want to retain this
bracket.
And now you'll see the bracket is
free, but we can't remove it until we
remove these two screws. So, one and
two. I'm going
to
[Music]
remove. Now, doing it this way will
allow you to keep your OEM camera in
storage if you ever want to return to
stock.
And we want to use this bracket to hold
the aftermarket camera onto this
bracket. One and two. And in doing that,
oops, we free this up. Now, there will
be markings on the camera, at least in
its current
state. The markings on the camera go on
the bottom of the camera. So, that's how
you know how to orient it. So when it's
markings on the bottom block on the
opposite side, you'll know it's right
side up on here. You're going to want
this on the front of the camera like
this. So what we're going to need to do,
so I'm going to run the wires through
the front of the bracket. You see what
I'm doing? run it
through like this.
Yeah. Now, on the back here, you'll see
that these line up pretty well, but
there's no screw holes on the back of
the OEM camera. And that's where this
little bracket comes in handy. So, we
can just put this on here.
And you'll see that the bracket lines up
pretty nicely with the holes that
already exist on the back of the
aftermarket camera. So, just get this in
place, put this bracket
over the OEM bracket, and then screw
these in, and it'll be nice and secure.
It's, you know, basically a metal
bracket
holding all of this together.
[Music]
So once you've got the bracket figured
out, the only thing you need to figure
out is how you're going to provide power
to the camera and when you're going to
provide power to the camera. And I'll go
into that in a bit more detail. So on
the other end of the power power
harness, you're going to see a red cable
and a black what the on the other side
of the harness, you're going to see a
red cable and a black cable. Now the red
cable is going to be your 12vt power
source. And the black cable is just
going to be where you're going to ground
out the system. The source that you
choose is going to determine when the
camera is going to turn on. So most
people, they just want their backup
camera to turn on when their car is in
reverse. So a logical tap point would be
your reverse light in your tail light.
And that's easily accessible through uh
the harness, and you can tap the red one
to that. And I'm pretty sure there's a
grounding point on that also.
Alternatively, if you want your backup
camera to be on in more scenarios, like
let's say you wanted to be able to open
up the camera app on the G series screen
while you're driving and be able to see
your car shooting
flames. Um, you can tap it to a more
constant power source. So on mine, I've
got mine hooked up to
the license plate light so that anytime
the car is on, those license plate
lights uh turn on and then my camera
will be getting signal. Now, the benefit
of that is I'll be able to open the
camera app at any time and see what's
going on behind my car through the uh
camera.
[Music]
Wow. Wow.